since 2001 The Fast & Furious series has
gone from street racing to heists in
espionage there's a lot of movies to go
through so we're bringing it all
together in one cohesive fast and
furious timeline and sorry to all Tony
Toretto fans out there but we won't be
talking about Netflix as animated Fast
and Furious spy racers this time The
Fast and the Furious 2004 Brian spilner
appears to be a simple but fun dude a
connoisseur of cars and tuna sandwiches
he's got a knife from Mia Toretto the
gorgeous sister of Dominic Toretto Dom
is the alpha male of an ultra cool group
of car motors and street racers
including Dom's main gal Letty the
hot-headed Vincent and the obsessive
Jessi they're a family
this streetwise troupe doesn't like
Brian the slightest but he's eager to
earn their respect so eager that he
wagers his Mitsubishi Eclipse against
Dom in an illegal quarter-mile la Street
race but the dope activates his nitrous
oxide boost far too early in the race
resulting in his car nearly falling
apart
Brian foolishly thinks he almost had Dom
but really he never even had his car
just as Brian loses his ride and his
chance for respect cops suddenly burst
onto the scene to bust up the party
everyone splits Toretto is easily the
most infamous of the racers and an
officer spots him as he flees on foot
fortunately Brian shows up scoops up Dom
and evades the cops to an insanely
dangerous Street chase they seem to be
in the clear when Johnny Tran and his
crew intercept the duo turns out Dom
doesn't belong on trans turf so trans
guys completely destroy Brian's well
Dom's car oh well it's just a car but no
Brian still owes Dom a new one Brian
finally earns Dom's respect it becomes
part of the family but why does Brian
care so much anyway
is it really all about Mia well no it
turns out Brian is actually an
undercover officer sent to infiltrate
the street racing scene see a gang of
racers has been robbing truckers on the
highway stealing millions of dollars
worth of DVD players DVD players oh yeah
that's right 2001 well spying on Johnny
Tran torturing his fencer with oil
Brian notices a lot of electronics in
trans garage so he green lights a raid
on Johnny trans house which will
disgrace the young racer in front of his
father well turns out the electronics
were all legal they have the wrong guy
so the
cops pressure Brian to incriminate
Toretto as all evidence points to his
team as the hijackers Brian's reluctant
though it's his family now after all the
gang heads to race Wars a huge racing
event in the desert where Brian can win
the 10 second car he still owes Dom
Jesse loses his father's car to Johnny
Tran but instead of paying up he bails
so Tran calls Dom out for the raid a
fight breaks out Dom storms off Jesse
finally connects all the dots and
realizes they're off to hit a truck but
the truckers aren't playing around
anymore
it turns out all it takes to take down
the whole Fast and Furious gang is a
trucker with a shotgun
Vince is left dangling from the truck
ready to get blasted to kingdom come in
any moment all the cars are taken out
when suddenly Brian comes in to save the
day
Vince gets airlifted to safety but in
the process Brian completely blows his
cover to everyone
DOM isn't trying to run from an arrest
but he still has to save little Jesse
who Tran is still after Brian Dom Jesse
and Mia all converge at the Toretto
house moment too late as trans gang guns
down Jesse in a drive-by efficient of
messed with family as Brian and Dom
systematically eliminate all the
shooters before Dom finally surrenders
he and Brian decide to have one final
10-second race they narrowly beat a
crossing train before Dom completely
totals his father's Dodge Charger r/t
but Brian still owes him a 10-second car
so it gives Dom the keys to his car
unless the criminal escaped into the
sunset
too fast too furious turbocharged
prelude 2004 so Brian's loyalty to DOM
kind of breaks a few dozen laws he
quickly goes from cop to fugitive forced
to leave Los Angeles and head east
earning ridiculous sums from street
racing he purchases a Nissan Skyline
before eventually ending up on the sunny
streets of Miami too fast too furious
2004 Brian quickly makes a name for
himself on the street racing scene of
Miami but sure enough his old FBI buddy
bilkins picks him out the FBI is willing
to clear Brian's name but for a price
they need a talented driver to
infiltrate the network of Miami drug
lord and Matthew McConaughey wannabe
Carter Verone they already have Monica
Fuentes infiltrating his mansion and his
heart so they know that he's looking for
two new drug money transporters Brian
only agrees to help if he can choose his
partner his childhood friend the
hot-headed big-mouthed Roman Pearce
Roman doesn't trust Brian in the
slightest he found out his best friend
was a cop right around the time he was
arrested
but Roman agrees to help in exchange for
ending his parole the two quote unquote
auditioned for Verona
beating out other miami driving teams to
an impound lot a dozen miles away the
movie turns into Matrix Reloaded for a
bit endangering countless lives on the
highway as they successfully complete
the craziest job interview imaginable
Brian and Rome soon learn that their new
boss isn't exactly the cellist dude to
work for he tortures a police detective
with a rat a blowtorch and a bucket
damn pg-13 movies really have to get
creative with their torture scenes
Verona's persuading the detective to
distract the police force long enough
for Roman and Brian to transport the
money through the city but during the
transport the detective unleashes the
full police force on our duo another
epic chase ensues but not even charged
ESD hook and slowed down the racers
eventually the cops are on Brian and
Rome in a warehouse but when the doors
open hundreds of cars spill out
completely camouflaging the heroes as
they escape when police finally do track
down the cars they're looking for they
find them being driven by Brian's close
friend Sookie and tej Parker Brian and
Rome make a clean getaway with the money
the movie turns into Goldfinger for a
moment as Rome suddenly ejects for roans
henchmen from the vehicle before Brian
gets the same luxury he learns that
Verone is calling an audible on the
rendezvous they were supposed to meet at
an airstrip and the FBI is waiting for
them there now Brian and Rome and have
to meet Verona at his private boat Brian
is basically screwed he's clearly all
set up to be executed to make matters
worse Monica Fuentes his cover has been
blown and her fate looks even grimmer
Rome saves Brian but there's no time to
celebrate
they drive alongside verone's luxurious
Boca eventually Dukes of Hazzard in ramp
the car friggin flies into the boat and
Verona is quickly incapacitated Roman
and Brian decided to give all the money
back to law enforcement well almost all
of it now they're ready to start new
lives with clear names and open hearts
most Bendel eros 2009 Dom Toretto is
relaxing with a new family in the
Dominican Republic after five years of
running crimes as a fugitive in Latin
America he's like a godfather in the
community providing for the impoverished
citizens and acting as a muscly role
model the people are desperately
struggling for oil causing mass
inflation hon Lou alias han solo Dom's
longtime crime partner flies into town
okay so important note about Han his
character actually first appeared in
2003 is better luck tomorrow directed by
Jeremy Lin
portrayed by the same actor Sung Kang
both Lin and Kang consider better luck
tomorrow cannon but it's not officially
a cannon part of the Fast & Furious
franchise but check it out if you want
all of Hans Theoretical backstory anyway
han and Daum breakout Dom's frente go
from a shoddy security prison before
meeting with corrupt local politician
Elvis he tips them off about an oil
truck primed for a hijacking that would
really help out the citizens Letty shows
up in the dr the first time Dom has seen
her since la they make out on the beach
for like half the short film and prepare
for the upcoming epic heist at some
point during their time in the Caribbean
the two spontaneously get married using
a cross necklace as a ring
fast and furious 2009 the heist is
indeed epic Letty uses some kind of
freezing chemical and breaks the oil
tanks loose it's arousing success and
the Robin Hood Ian crime saves the
community but Han breaks the news that
the police have raided their garage
things are getting dangerous and hot and
Dom really cares about his family here
in the dr but he can't endanger his
beloved Letty so he decides to ghost her
and head for Panama poor Letty heads
back to LA where she runs into good old
Brian spilner real name Brian O'Conner
he's a bonafide FBI agent now so Letty
agrees to work undercover for them as a
cache runner for a cartel drug lord
Arturo Braga in exchange for Dom's
freedom things are gonna go sour though
since Braga kills all of his drivers
after a mission it's just good business
after all
Letty seemingly gets killed and it's
made to look like a car accident when
Dom hears about what happened he rushes
back to LA to play detective he finds
nitromethane at the scene of Letty
suspicious death and tracks it down to
David Park an associate of Braga that
Brian is also closely tracking Brian and
Dom both converging Parque Dom dangles
him out the window but Brian saves his
life both racers end up in Prague his
version of a job interview a city race
the winner becoming a new doomed heroin
runner over the us-mexican border it's a
tight contest but Dom tackles Brian in
the final stretch to claim victory Brian
is ticked but thankfully he has the
resources of an FBI agent he illegally
raids the house of Braga Runner and foot
fetishist Dwight Muir
planting a fat sack of drugs Braga is
short a driver so Brian earns a spot on
the team Gisele Yashar aka Wonder Woman
is working for Braga and instantly gets
the hot for Dom but he only has eyes for
Letty nonetheless she helps tip him off
that danger may await them on the other
side
the border the movie turns into Mad Max
for a bit as Braga steam ventures
through complex underground tunnels
eluding border control to get to Mexico
Dom's tipped off to the danger so he
cranks up the nos and ignites his
cigarette lighter he confronts the
muscle of raagas operation Phoenix
openly gloats about personally
assassinating Letty car bomb explodes
and Brian and Dom get away riding off
with a car full of millions of dollars
full heroin with the ultimate bargaining
chip they meet with Braga in the flesh
as part of an FBI sting the FBI jumps
the gun falling for the obvious decoy as
the real Braga who's actually Campos
escapes to Mexico in the struggle Dom
saves Wonder Woman who completely turned
sides and helps Brian and Dom track the
drug lord to a rural isolated Church
they attempt to take Braga back to the
States but his goons ambush them and
chase them through the tunnels Fenix is
Brian cornered but Brian holds him in
place while Dom emerges through the
tunnel and nails Phoenix with his car
avenging Letty DOM is finally done
running from law enforcement
but despite Brian's extremely
well-written letter for clemency he's
still convicted and sentenced to several
decades in prison Brian and Mia
sacrificed their freedom racing off to
illegally intercept the prison transport
and liberate their friend Fast Five 2011
so that highway prison break causes one
hell of a stir family members have since
become some of the most wanted fugitives
in the world Brian and Mia eventually
beat Dom to Rio where they're welcomed
by their old friend Vince Vince is
teamed up with local crime boss Hernan
Reyes and has a plan to steal three
luxury cars from a train
Vince promises that it'll be easy so me
and Brian are in Dom arrives in time for
the heist but he's suspicious about the
plan for one the Train is crawling with
DEA agents and for 2 razes men seem to
only be interested in one vehicle a Ford
gt40
Dom has Mia steal the special Ford and
confronts Reyes as henchman the DEA
agents try to interfere but one of
raises goons kills them Brian and Dom
barely escaped the Train as the movie
turns into Thelma and Louise for a bit
Reyes scoops them up though ready to
torture them to learn me his location
too bad they're messing with an FBI
agent and you know Vin Diesel DOM and
Brian quickly break the restraints and
rush back to mr. Etta it appears like
Dom murdered those DEA agents so the law
enforcement puts their top man on the
job Luke Hobbs Hobbs is beyond
intimidating he's crafty smart and
handsome he recruits recently widowed
cop a
Elena Neves as a translator her
husband's grisly murder leading to her
sense of justice guarantees that she
won't be corrupted meanwhile the gang
catches Vince stealing a computer chip
from the gt40 and discover the location
of raises massive cash stockpile 100
million split into ten safe houses
raises men and Hobbes both make a move
on the safe house with the gangsters
arriving first an epic chase through the
favelas follow at one point Dom
heroically saves Elena but drops his
iconic Letty cross necklace in the
process after actually witnessing the
behemoth Hobbs in action DOM and briault
are more than ready to hightail it out
of Rio but Mia announces that she's got
a bun in the oven with a baby on the way
they make the responsible decision you
know one more giant heist for that cool
100 million they recruit Hahn Roman tej
Wonder Woman and Dom's friends from the
dr tango and rico i still can't figure
out exactly who the Fast Five are anyway
instead of hitting all 10 houses they
decide to write a single crime den and
burn raises money forcing him to gather
his cash into one safe central location
the local police vault
Hobbs finally catches up with his
targets and makes an arrest well after
Dom nearly bludgeons him to death but
the movie turns into Black Hawk Down for
a bit as Reyes attacks the extradition
convoy killing Vince and most of
Hobbes's trusted squad well Reyes messed
with the wrong DSS agent because Hobbs
aligns himself with DOM and his crew to
get revenge plan is simple simply blow a
hole into the wall of the station and
drag the vault out with their cars then
drag the giant steel box through the
streets of Rio slaughtering countless
police on the way with a makeshift
wrecking ball during the chase the gang
used fake police cars to earn a
10-second window of invisibility where
they swap the vault for an empty
duplicate things come to a head when
Brian and Dom seem to be outnumbered on
a bridge Dom turns around to face them
so Brian can escape and be a father but
Brian isn't going to abandon his family
like that suddenly the rest of Reyes men
get taken out as Hobbs her Oakley
arrives to finish him off himself as a
sign of good faith he gives Brian and
Dom a 24-hour head start before the
pursuit begins a new Fast and Furious 6
2013 with 11 million bucks each the crew
is living the good life all over the
world
DOM even has a new squeeze Supercop
Elena she's had a soft spot for him ever
since he broke into her house in the
middle of the night to retrieve Letty's
cross necklace
why would he ever trade this life of
luxury to go back to
work well Hobbs shows up with the answer
turns out Letty is still alive she was
spotted causing a commotion in Berlin
working for super soldier turned
mercenary Owen Shaw this Shaw guy is
public enemy number one and he's
currently pursuing components for
nightshade a device that can completely
disable a military security grid Hobbs
is desperate for assistance and even
offers Dom's crew full amnesty in
exchange but once the team tracks into
Russia shot dupes them by luring police
forces to another location while his
people ransack Interpol headquarters the
movie turns into the dark night for a
bit a shot Easley zips through the
streets in his Batmobile in the
commotion DOM spots Letty as one of
Shaw's assisting drivers and corners her
Letty hesitates lightly but it
ultimately shoots her husband in the
shoulder turns out she has an ever
convenient case of amnesia she didn't
actually get killed four years prior she
was left in a coma Braga was always in
Shaw's pocket
so when Shaw saw such a talented blank
slate Letty he recruited her this Braga
connection is all the crew has to act on
so they sneak Brian into prison to
interrogate Braga Brian gets cornered in
his cell but everyone keeps forgetting
that this man is more than a lead foot
in pretty blue eyes he dispatches all of
them with ease and get some Intel from
Braga and probably the most believable
torture scene in the entire series Dom
track shot to London and then beats
Letty in a street race after that they
share a moment of sexy scar exploring
bonding but she still remembers nothing
Shaw's next target is a convoy
transporting the final nightshade
component a microchip to a NATO base in
Spain the gang thinks they have the
mercenary cornered in the convoy until
he emerges in a frigging tank again an
epic chase ensues and shot dares DOM by
forcing Letty to ride on top of the tank
to remove an anchor when she gets
launched violently into the air Dom
crashes his car and leaves through the
air to intercept her he flies across the
midian cushioning the blow on a
windshield with his massive back muscles
cool Shaw is captured but he's still in
control as he's now holding Mia hostage
he continues to flex his deep
connections revealing he even has moles
in the DSS including Hobbs partner
Reilly the bad guys waltz on out and
make their way to the biggest jet ever
the movie turns into the beginning of
faceoff for a bit as the whole crew
chases it down the runway attaching
their cars to the wings to keep it from
taking off Mia gets rescued Dom
retrieves the chip and Letty murders
Reilly before the jet explodes the only
casualty for the good guys
Wonder Woman who sacrifices herself in
the battle to save her lover Han with
newfound amnesty the family returns to
the old Toretto household in LA to share
a meal heartbroken pawn sets off to
Tokyo Furious 7 2014 unfortunately it
looks like sha was the wrong man to mess
with and there won't be a happily ever
after
Owens brother Deckard Shaw is a one-man
army he's pissed that his little brother
has been left in critical condition so
he embarks on a revenge tour meanwhile
DOM is still trying to awaken Letty
still dormant memories by taking her to
race Wars Brian and Hobbes are both
getting restless with their more relaxed
lifestyles after saving the world but
things get exciting for Hobbes when he
finds Shaw acquiring the identities of
DOM and the team on Hobbes's government
computer they fight and Shaw shows just
how dangerous he is by putting the rock
in the hospital before heading to Japan
to take out his first target The Fast
and the Furious
Tokyo Drift 2014 Honda has been building
a criminal empire in Japan he's
partnered with a local drift King
Takeshi the young nephew of a powerful
Yakuza a teenage street racer Shawn
Boswell has run out of chances to get
his [ __ ] together in America so he's
sent to live with a strict Navy father
in Tokyo Shawn makes fast friends with
Twinkie and soon takes a liking to
takeshi's girlfriend Neela
so Shawn challenges this drift King to a
race han is intrigued and even lets the
American use his Nissan Silvia
unfortunately Shawn has no idea how to
drift so he totals the car in
humiliating fashion now he always Honda
car
but Han agrees to teach Shawn how to
drift so he can knock Takeshi down a few
notches
takeshi's Yakuza uncle confronts his
nephew about the family's business
dealings turns out Han has been skimming
from the top under Takeshi snows I mean
that's what happens when a former FBI
top-10 one in fugitive gets partnered
with a high schooler but whatever
Takeshi confronts han and Shawn and
pulls a gun to make himself clear twinky
helps han and Shawn escape in a
supercool chase through Tokyo including
an insanely reckless high-speed drift
through the world's busiest intersection
suddenly out of nowhere Deckard Shaw
enters the scene and crashes into Han
causing an extremely violent wreck
he calls Dom Toretto and suavely
introduces himself Dom notices a package
from Japan on the doorstep and quickly
alerts me up Brian and baby Jack before
it detonates obliterating the house
meanwhile Han seemingly explodes
and Shawn leaves the cross necklace
passed from Dom to Letty to Shaw - Shaw
at the scene of the crime
Shawn's devastated and knows Neela is in
danger from a clearly abusive boyfriend
so he vows to set things right he
returns takeshi's uncle's skim money and
challenges the nephew to an honor race
loser leaves town forever
the Yakuza thinks it's a delightful idea
and they're set to race down the
ridiculous mountain pass requiring
insane drifts to avoid a fiery death
dozens of bystanders litter the road
recording the race on flip phones in
2014 for some reason Shawn keeps his
cool head as Takeshi aggressively
attempts to ram him off the road
eventually leading to the young gangster
toppling off the mountain himself using
a final drift to avoid the wreckage
Shawn successfully saves Neela proving
to his father that he's not a total
screwup Furious 7 continued 2014 Brian's
clearly freaked out by Shaw's Unabomber
incident so he puts his wife and child
under tight FBI security Tom pays a
visit to Hobbs in the hospital to get
intel on Shaw and an unofficial blessing
Toretto heads to Japan and meets with
the new drift King Shawn Boswell Shawn
returns the cross necklace to DOM and
Hans ashes are taken back to LA for a
proper burial but Shaw shows up to the
funeral so Dom doesn't hesitate to give
chase isolated shop baits Dom into a
game of chicken completely crushing
Tom's 1970 Dodge Charger with a
reinforced bumper things are looking
grim but a mysterious group of soldiers
led by a mr. nobody forces shots retreat
he recruits DOM and the crew to track
down a hacker that'll lead them to a
super surveillance tool known as God's
eye it's capable of finding anybody's
location on earth almost instantaneously
if they can keep God's eye away from
terrorists the crew will be allowed to
use it to track down Shaw the hacker
Ramsey is in terrorist captivity being
transported through the caucuses Brian
climbs aboard a bus to retrieve the
young genius girl transferring her
safely to DOM before the movie turns
into Jurassic Park the lost world for a
bit Dom avid Shaw and the terrorists by
driving off a cliff and Ramsey informs
everybody that God's eye is located in
the United Arab Emirates the gang tracks
it to an Abu Dhabi princes lykan
Hypersport located high within a
skyscraper the movie turns into
Goldfinger again as the team causes a
diversion and thwarts the princes UFC
champion bodyguard before stealing the
insanely fast car they can't let that
speed go to waste so they crash it
through two
other skyscrapers during their getaway
using God's I chug gets quickly tracked
down but he's unexpectedly teamed up
with a terrorist Andrey steals God's eye
the battle moves to the streets and the
crew uses Ramsey's leet hacking skills
to re retake God's eye DOM and Shaw
finally Duke it out with Dom's weapon of
choice wrenches Dom beats him proving
that the streets always win even against
insane super agents also Hobbes is sick
of missing the action so he flexes out
of his cast to join the fight and
commandeer is a freaking minigun to save
the day meanwhile Dom tries to ram his
car into the head terrorist helicopter
but misses and gets into a horrific
wreck Hobbes is slightly more
level-headed so he blows the helicopter
up with bullets instead DOM is
resuscitated as Letty reveals all her
memories have finally flooded back
Hobbes gleefully escorts shot to prison
and the rest of the gang heads to the
Dominican Republic as for Brian he fully
retires to domestic life with Mia he's
pregnant with their second child no more
missions for Brian O'Conner the crew
tearfully say goodbye to Brian as we
tearfully say goodbye to Paul the fate
of the Furious 2017 DOM and Letty
finally get their honeymoon in Cuba but
Havana isn't romantic enough for these
two without some street racing Dom uses
Cuba nas to supercharge an ancient 1950
Chevrolet fleet line salvaging his
cousin's ride and earning the respect to
the local racers a strange sultry shady
woman named cypher suddenly shows up and
co-heirs his DOM to work for her
this femme fatale is actually the
mastermind who employed Owen Shaw in
Furious 6 and hired the gods I
terrorists in Furious 7 so basically the
movie turns into Spectre for a bit
meanwhile Hobbs is enjoying quality time
coaching his daughter's soccer team when
he's co-heirs to save the world once
more he needs to hijack hi-tech EMP from
a military base in Berlin Hobbs is
totally reliant on DOM at this point so
he recruits the old crew and they
successfully retrieved the EMP and elude
local police they're in the clear when
Dom suddenly rams into Hobbs stealing
the EMP for cypher and escaping Dom has
officially gone rogue to make matters
worse he also steals God's eye what a
cipher have over Dom to force him to
turn on his family turns out she has
super cop Elena hostage along with Dom
and Elena's illegitimate son meanwhile
Hobbs gets arrested for stealing from
the German military and is taken to the
same prison as Deckard Shaw mr. nobody
and his bumbling sidekick show up to
help the two ride
escaped since they need all the muscle
they can get to combat cypher dime heads
to the Big Apple to steal nuclear launch
codes from the Russian Minister of
Defense he manages to secretly meet with
the SHA matriarch Magdalene as he starts
to put together a way to escape his
predicament hacking thousands of
self-driving cars in Manhattan cipher
Rams half the city into the defense
ministers car allowing Dom to easily
steal the nuclear football the team
gangs up on Dom but he proves just how
ridiculously overpowered the street
racer has become in the last 13 and 16
years they're simply no match and Dom
guns down Deckard in the streets but
that's part of the plan too as Tago and
rico discreetly gather Deckard's body
Letty scoops up the codes Dom knows that
he can't shoot the love of his life
but unfortunately ciphers other goon
cuts Letty off but Dom manages to save
her cipher doesn't take too kindly to
Dom's defiance so she coldly executes
Elena Dom brings the EMP device to
Russia to hijack a nuclear submarine and
ciphers world-dominating plan is quickly
coming together but thankfully Dom's
plan is also fully in motion Deckard's
death was staged so they could take
himself off the grid and plan with mom
to infiltrate ciphers jet alongside his
little bro the Shahs rescued Dom son
just in time for Dom to save his crew
gleefully beating down Elena's
executioner Hobbes manhandles a torpedo
while Dom manipulates a heat-seeking
missile into taking out the nuclear sub
Deckard meanwhile has a fun adventure
with a baby Toretto efficiently taking
out the entirety of ciphers personal
forces but cypher manages to eject
herself in the plane to hack another day
in a future sequel hobbs refuses his
badge back to spend quality time with
his daughter and the crew know the
family enjoys another barbecue Dom
finally reveals the name of his newfound
son Brian Hobbs and Shaw post 2017 the
righteous Agent Hobbs an antihero spy
sha are perfect enemies if they actually
have a lot in common
they're both tracking down goons and
clubs after hearing about some kind of
super virus capable of annihilating the
world's population the virus named
snowflake is being collected by an mi6
team led by Deckard sister Hattie Shaw
suddenly they get ambushed by a
cybernetically enhanced super soldier
Brixton lor Brixton has quite the
history with the Shaw's years ago
Deckard left him for dead before Brixton
was revived by the eugenics fueled
organization
at tea on had he manages to inject
yourself with the virus and evade
Brixton but he simply frames her for the
biological weapon theft so that the
world is hot on her trail instead of his
the CIA recruits both Hobbs and shot
catch Hattie before Brixton can but
these two are extremely reluctant to
work with each other
Hobbs finds Hattie first and they have a
little bit of hand-to-hand foreplay
before he brings her in brixton blasts
his way into CIA headquarters and
kidnaps are infected damsel to get to
the virus Shawn Hobbs tried to stop him
but the super human can foresee all
attacks and easily overcomes our Dillo
fortunately that caused enough of a
distraction to get away with Hattie they
tracked down the actual developer of the
snowflake virus who informs Hattie that
she has a mere couple of days before the
virus becomes active in her system and
dooms the world they need to get to the
etienne base in ukraine to acquire a
device capable of extracting the virus
too bad Brixton labelled Hobbs and
Shaw's terrorists they have to sneak
their way from London to Moscow with
secret identities like Mike Hawk small
on route to Moscow they gain an ally in
the diminutive Air Marshal
dinkler one of Deckard's former flings
gets the trio into the etch young
complex but Hobbs and Shaw get ambushed
and tortured by Brixton Patty and the
snowflake developers saved the day
before the final shot can be delivered
letting our trio escape with a damaged
version of the extraction device they
used Dinkley to get a charter to Hobbs
his childhood home in Samoa to repair
the device and to host the final
showdown with aunty on unfriendly turf
it's been a couple of decades so Hobbs
his brother Jonah isn't exactly excited
to see him at least mama welcomes her
baby boy back with open arms but she
doesn't welcome his guns she destroys
all the evil firearms forcing them to
fight the Mecca man with the family
heirlooms well the virus extraction
device begins to work its magic
Etienne launches their assault Samoans
put up a damn good fight but Brixton
scoops up a virally weakened hatty in
the chaos so Hobbs and shopper Suez
helicopter in one final epic car chase
as the final bits of virus are extracted
from Hattie Hobson Shaw fully put their
differences aside to engage in
fisticuffs with a superhuman by
attacking Brixton simultaneously they
can confuse and fry his defensive
programming at Ian's director knowing
their tool is now obsolete
decommissions Brixton and shuts him down
remotely the ominous director then boast
to Hobbs that their past is connected
guaranteeing that they do it again maybe
we'll get some questions answered and
fast and
nine with Etsy on and cypher both still
at large there are still plenty of loose
ends left open in this constantly
expanding series especially with Han
confirmed to still be alive
what's your favorite of the franchise
I'm a Fast Five guy but let me know your
opinion in the comments and maybe throw
in a subscription to cinematic ofor more
time lens like this one I've been your
host Marcus thanks for watching